feature/SM-6842: sample inspection progress docs updates (#714)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V1.25.13/changelog.md

  <li>
    SM-6950: Updated the <code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/permits/{permitReferenceNumber}/alterations</code> endpoint to return a precondition failed error when submitting a permit alteration on a planned work which would change the permit from minor/standard to major/PAA
  </li>
  <li>

>     SM-6842: Updated the <code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/inspections</code> endpoint so that any eligible inspection raised will contribute to progress against sample inspection targets, if an active target exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SM-6842: Updated the <code>POST /works/{workReferenceNumber}/inspections</code> endpoint so that any eligible inspection raised will contribute to progress against a sample inspection target, if an active target exists for the HA and promoter.
```
Or some other wording that makes it clear it will only contribute to progress on one target
